doc: Bluetooth services docs restructuring (#9019)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/services/hogp.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

The HID Service Client module is used to interact with a connected HID server.

Overview
********

The client uses the :ref:`gatt_dm_readme` module to acquire all attribute handles that are required to interact with the HID server.

Some additional data must be read from the discovered descriptors before the HID client is ready.
This process is started automatically just after the handles are assigned.
If the process finishes successfully, the :c:type:`bt_hogp_ready_cb` function is called.
Otherwise, :c:type:`bt_hogp_prep_fail_cb` is called.

Configuration
*************

> Apart from standard configuration parameters, you can use :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HOGP_REPORTS_MAX` setting that sets the maximum number of total reports supported by the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from standard configuration parameters, you can use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HOGP_REPORTS_MAX` setting that sets the maximum number of total reports supported by the library.
```

> Apart from standard configuration parameters, you can use :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HOGP_REPORTS_MAX` setting that sets the maximum number of total reports supported by the library.

Reviewer 2: @ppryga-nordic

> Apart from standard configuration parameters, you can use :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HOGP_REPORTS_MAX` setting that sets the maximum number of total reports supported by the library.

Author: @grochu Could you please advise on that matter?

> Apart from standard configuration parameters, you can use :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HOGP_REPORTS_MAX` setting that sets the maximum number of total reports supported by the library.

Reviewer 3: That phrase was used in the original docs for this module. I agree it's unfortunate. There are just 2 configuration options:
- `CONFIG_BT_HOGP` used to enable the library in the build
- `CONFIG_BT_HOGP_REPORTS_MAX` - already described.
So I'd remove the "Apart from (...)" sentence and just say something like:
- "use `CONFIG_BT_HOGP` to enable the library in your application... " - or some standard statement as in other libraries (all libs have this main Kconfig option to add them to an application build),
- "use to set the maximum number of..."

   :local:
   :depth: 2

The HID Service Client module is used to interact with a connected HID server.

Overview
********

The client uses the :ref:`gatt_dm_readme` module to acquire all attribute handles that are required to interact with the HID server.

Some additional data must be read from the discovered descriptors before the HID client is ready.
This process is started automatically just after the handles are assigned.
If the process finishes successfully, the :c:type:`bt_hogp_ready_cb` function is called.
Otherwise, :c:type:`bt_hogp_prep_fail_cb` is called.

Configuration
*************

> Apart from standard configuration parameters, you can use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HOGP_REPORTS_MAX` setting that sets the maximum number of total reports supported by the library.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Apart from standard configuration parameters, you can use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HOGP_REPORTS_MAX` Kconfig option to set the maximum number of total reports supported by the library.
```

> The report memory is shared along all HIDS client objects, so this option should be set to the maximum total number of reports supported by the application.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The report memory is shared with all HIDS client objects, so set this option to the maximum total number of reports supported by the application.
```

Usage
*****

> You can use the GATT HID Client module to execute actions described in the sections below.

Reviewer 4: In general, it is not a good practice to refer to something below or above. Maybe something like "subsequent". Or just try go figure out what might work. (I have already ignored a few earlier in this review.)

Retrieving the HIDS client readiness state
==========================================

The following functions are available to retrieve the readiness state of the service client object:

* :c:func:`bt_hogp_assign_check` - Check if :c:func:`bt_hogp_handles_assign` was called and the post-discovery process started.

> * :c:func:`bt_hogp_ready_check` - Check if the client object is fully ready to interact with the HID server.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* :c:func:`bt_hogp_ready_check` - Check if the client object is ready to interact with the HID server.
```
What is fully ready? Aren't you either ready or not?

   All values that should be accessed have accessor functions.
   The reason that the structure is fully defined is to allow the application to allocate the memory for it.

Retrieving the HIDS client readiness state
==========================================

The following functions are available to retrieve the readiness state of the service client object:

> * :c:func:`bt_hogp_assign_check` checks if :c:func:`bt_hogp_handles_assign` was already called and the post discovery process has been started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :c:func:`bt_hogp_assign_check` checks if :c:func:`bt_hogp_handles_assign` was called and the post-discovery process started.
```

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: Normal report

      Call the :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_next` function to retrieve the report info pointer.
      This function iterates through all detected reports (excluding boot reports).

      Use the :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_find` function to find a specific report.
      This function locates a report based on its type and ID.

   .. group-tab:: Boot report

      If the connected device supports the boot protocol, it must have mouse or keyboard boot reports available.
      This means that:

      * For the mouse boot protocol, the function :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_boot_mouse_in` returns a non-NULL value.
      * For the keyboard boot protocol, the two functions :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_boot_kbd_in` and :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_boot_kbd_out` return a non-NULL value.

      All these functions return report pointers that may be used in the access functions.
      Note, however, that these pointers cannot be used as a previous record pointer in :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_next`.

Changing protocol mode
======================

To manage protocol modes, use the following functions:

> * :c:func:`bt_hogp_pm_write` - Switch between Boot Protocol Mode and Report Protocol Mode.
>   Every time the protocol mode is changed, the :c:type:`bt_hogp_pm_update_cb` function is called.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* :c:func:`bt_hogp_pm_write` - Switch between Boot Protocol Mode and Report Protocol Mode.

  Every time the protocol mode is changed, the :c:type:`bt_hogp_pm_update_cb` function is called.
```

> * :c:func:`bt_hogp_pm_get` - Retrieve the current protocol.
>   This function returns the internally cached version of the current protocol mode.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* :c:func:`bt_hogp_pm_get` - Retrieve the current protocol.

  This function returns the internally cached version of the current protocol mode.
```

* :c:func:`bt_hogp_pm_update` - Update the protocol mode value directly from the device.

Suspending and resuming
=======================

To suspend or resume the connected device, call the following functions:

* :c:func:`bt_hogp_suspend` - Suspend the connected device.

> * :c:func:`bt_hogp_exit_suspend` - Resume it.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* :c:func:`bt_hogp_exit_suspend` - Resume the connected device.
```

Samples using the library
*************************

The following |NCS| modules use this library:

* :ref:`hids_readme`
* :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_forward`

The following |NCS| application uses this library:

* :ref:`nrf_desktop`

Additional information
**********************

Do not access any of the values in the :c:struct:`bt_hogp` object structure directly.
All values that should be accessed have accessor functions.

> The reason that the structure is fully defined is to allow the application to allocate the memory for it.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The structure is fully defined to allow the application to allocate the memory for it.
```

      * For the keyboard boot protocol, the two functions :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_boot_kbd_in` and :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_boot_kbd_out` return a non-NULL value.

      All these functions return report pointers that may be used in the access functions.
      Note, however, that these pointers cannot be used as a previous record pointer in :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_next`.

Switching between boot and report mode
======================================

To switch between Boot Protocol Mode and Report Protocol Mode, use :c:func:`bt_hogp_pm_write`.
Every time the protocol mode is changed, the :c:type:`bt_hogp_pm_update_cb` function is called.

You can retrieve the current protocol with :c:func:`bt_hogp_pm_get`.
This function returns the internally cached version of the current protocol mode.
To update this value directly from the device, use :c:func:`bt_hogp_pm_update`.

Suspending and resuming
=======================

To suspend the connected device, call :c:func:`bt_hogp_suspend`.

To resume, it call :c:func:`bt_hogp_exit_suspend`.

Samples using the library
*************************

The following |NCS| samples use this library:

* :ref:`hids_readme`

> The following |NCS| applications use this library:

Author: Added, thank you.

* :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_forward`

> Dependencies

Reviewer 5: Is this a mandatory section, if not we can skip this may be? If it is a mandatory section, are all the other RSTs in the PR having this?

Author: Good point, thank you Uma! I added missing sections added to other RST files.

      * For the keyboard boot protocol, the two functions :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_boot_kbd_in` and :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_boot_kbd_out` return a non-NULL value.

      All these functions return report pointers that may be used in the access functions.
      Note, however, that these pointers cannot be used as a previous record pointer in :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_next`.

Switching between boot and report mode
======================================

To switch between Boot Protocol Mode and Report Protocol Mode, use :c:func:`bt_hogp_pm_write`.
Every time the protocol mode is changed, the :c:type:`bt_hogp_pm_update_cb` function is called.

You can retrieve the current protocol with :c:func:`bt_hogp_pm_get`.
This function returns the internally cached version of the current protocol mode.
To update this value directly from the device, use :c:func:`bt_hogp_pm_update`.

Suspending and resuming
=======================

To suspend the connected device, call :c:func:`bt_hogp_suspend`.

To resume, call :c:func:`bt_hogp_exit_suspend`.

Samples using the library
*************************

The following |NCS| modules use this library:

* :ref:`hids_readme`
* :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_forward`

> The following |NCS| applications use this library:

Reviewer 5: Is this fixed?

> The following |NCS| applications use this library:

Author: Locally only - let me build the doc right now. Sorry for the delay.
